Test Suite
------------------
In this document give walkthroughs on how to test the Helmet Convincer program.

Project Description
-------------------
This project is a mobile VR application that simulates an open world environment in which the user rides a bicycle.
You are both in a VR space experiencing the world you are in while riding an actual bike controlling your in-game character.

Project Goal
------------
The goal of this project is to get the user to realize how important it is to wear a helmet while riding a bike.

How to Test the Project
--------------------------

Once the program is installed and running the testing begins.

    Crash Testing
    ---------------
1. Check input device (keyboard, remote, bike) to ensure the program is reacting to input.
2. Drive the bike into a wall at slow speed to see if the injury screen is initiated and accurate based on a given range of average injurys.
3. Drive the bike into a wall at a fast speed to see if the injury screen is initiated and accurate.
4. Drive the bike into a wall at medium speed to see if the injury screen is initated and accurate.
5. Drive the bike directly into a wall to see if the annimation is initiated and accurate.
6. Drive the bike into a wall from the left to see if the annimation is initiated and accurate.
7. Drive the bike into a wall from the right to see if the annimation is initated and accurate.

    Stability Testing
    -------------------
1. Drive the bike down the road at various speeds and examine the stability.
2. Drive the bike up and down a curb at various speeds and examine the stability.
3. Drive the bike up and down a steep incline at various speeds and examine the stability.

    Game Mechanics Testing
    ------------------------
1. Wait 90 seconds to see if the game is automaticly ended.
2. Ride the bike until an animal is found and examine if it chases you and enables the injury screen upon impact.
3. Examine if the animal behavior is realistic.
4. Ride the bike until water is found and examine if the injury screen is initated with collison.

     Map Testing
     -------------
1. Ride the bike around the map and look for glitches.
2. Do unexpected things and examine for unexplainable results.
